{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww7640\viewh10520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
\'97\'97\'97before querying------\
Construct inverted index \'a0like this\
\{ word1: \{doc1: count, doc2:count, doc3:count\} , word2: \{doc1:count, doc3:count \}\'85\}\
\
Construct wordCount like this\
\{doc1 : no.of words , doc2: no.of.words .. \}\
\
Construct docIdName like this //useful for output\
\{doc1 : name, doc2: name. \'85 \}\
\
\'97\'97\'97 after input query \'97\'97\
Construct queryMap which has\
\{ qword1 : count , qword2 : count \'85 \}\
\
Construct queryInvertedIndex \'a0which is a copy of invertedIndex but only for the words in the query.\
\{qword1 : \{doc1: 1, \'a0doc2: 2 , doc3: 3\}, qword2: \{doc1: 1, doc2:1\}\'85.\}\
this is used to efficiently handle repetitions of the words in the query.\
\
// doing all this shit coz eg.if there are two repetitions in the query and just one word in the document, it should be considered\
one match and not two\
\
Construct docWeights by the following algorithm\
for each word in the queryMap,\
	for 1 to queryMap.getcount(word):\
		docMap = queryInvertedIndex.get(word)\
		for\'a0docKey in docMap.keys():\
			if docValue is 0:\
				continue;\
			subtract docValue by 1\'a0\
			check if doc is present in docWeights.\'a0\
			if present, add 1	\
			else assign 1 for that doc\
\
now docWeights has number of matches for each document\
\
docWeights : \{doc1 : num.of.matches , doc2 : num.of.matches\'85.. \}\
\
then docWeights sorted based on values;\
 all the first ranked ones are sorted based on word count\
 all the second ranked ones are sorted based on word count\
\'85..\
 till last\
\
top K results are displayed.\
\
The end.\
\
\
Ideas thought of: (last one implemented)\
\
IDEA: vector space model with tf idf as weights ( won\'92t work since document length is negligible here)\
IDEA: below formula . (doesn\'92t work properly in this case. (query is [word1, word2] , doc1:[word1], doc2:[word1, word2, word, word, word, word]\
IDEA: cosine similarity (basically the same thing)\
IDEA: just n  ( its tf). (doesn\'92t work properly in this case.  Doc1: word word word match match, Doc2: match match . both will be ranked equally\
IDEA: just n. top k results with equal rank should be sorted based on length. <\'97 best results\
\
not doing stemming here. coz proper nouns\
not removing stop words. \
removing comma, \'93\'94 () [] \{\}\
make ? , ! as separate word \'a0(coz there are some names with just ? ) assign less weights for the features with just character\
		\
		both with and without space for . \'91 -\'a0\
for spell check, if you give a word misspelt, but still in dictionary, you wont get expected results\
\
if at least one word is correct, get the results.\'a0\
	now try to match the query with results. matching condition is edit distance less than threshold(relaxed condition)\
	Rank using the same strategy.\
	Display that the user spelt wrongly and display first five suggestions\
	cache the \'a0misspelt words of the first result in a separate dictionary if they pass a higher threshold\
if no word is correct,\
	check the cache\
	same strategy with relaxed condition\
\
\
Test cases:\
f u\
Sylvesters Team\
chara yuki\
jazz warrier (my fave)\
thy co eds\
mommy grvy  (my fave coz both has spelling mistakes and the best part is, the first word is already a correct word)\
clost panic\
\
modify value part of docWeights using the formula below. n is the value here\
Nd is given by wordCount found initially.\
Nq is size of query\
/*			\
boolean model and vector space model is not very efficient here since the document size is too small.\
tf idf concepts are also not good here. they work well for large document size\
the below formula is basically tf. but it also considers length of the document.\
if the document is more close to the query, it gets a higher rank.\
\
weight of document = n * n / (Nd * Nq) \'a0(Nq is constant. used here for a normalized value)\
\'a0\
where n is number of matches,\
	\'a0Nd is number of words in document\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Nq is number of words in query\
\
copies of word is considered like separate words\
*/\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}